Hello, my name is ShanNei.
As you can see, what you're looking at is a GalGame example made in Unity.
I haven't been into Unity for a long time, and I'm not very good at writing code.
If you have better ideas, you can submit an issue~
Project warehouse address: https://github.com/CreamShanNei/GalGame-Template
Hope this template can help you~
ShanNei not only did this
He is also the main person in charge of ZeroDream.
Or the COO of ELYART?
I found a few stories on the Internet and used them as test materials.
learning intelligence
Once, a student came to ask his teacher in awe, and the student asked, "Teacher! How can I learn all your wisdom?"
The teacher of this student is a master with profound wisdom. After hearing the question from the student, he smiled and then asked the student, "So, what do you think should be done so that I can learn all my wisdom?"
The student thought about it and immediately said, "I thought it would be best if a teacher could teach me the key to all wisdom at once, so that I could fully understand what you know, teacher!"
The master smiled again, picked up an apple from the table, put it to his mouth, and took a big bite. The master looked at his student, chewing the apple in his mouth, without saying a word. After a while, the master opened his mouth again and spit out the chewed apple in his palm.
The master stretched out his hand, held the chewed apple in front of his students, and said to his students, "Come! Eat these!"
The student said in panic, "Teacher! This... how can this be eaten?"
The master smiled again and said, "Of course you know you can't eat the apple I've chewed; but why do you want to absorb the essence of my wisdom? Don't you really understand? All learning must go through you. Chew it yourself!
Yes, my child, the answers to some things, parents can tell you all very quickly. However, if you can get many valuable answers in life through your own thinking, I think it is worth it!
After all, the fresh and sweet taste of apples needs to be deeply tasted and experienced by yourself. In the process of learning, no one can do it for you except yourself; through the absorption of knowledge, coupled with your constant reflection and thinking, it is turned into your own precious experience, this is the opening of intelligence, and it is also the foundation of your life. The real foundation for sustainable growth. "
The smarter you are, the more you have to learn.
life insight
I read this story in my mailbox and felt I had to share it:
situation
On a cold January morning in Washington, D.C., at the Metro station in Washington, the man played 6 bajra on his violin for 45 minutes. During that time, nearly 2,000 people passed by the station, many of them going to work. After about 3 minutes, a middle-aged man noticed a musician playing. He slowed down, listened for a while, and then hurried away.
After about 4 minutes:
The violin player received his first dollar. One woman didn't stop, and continued walking, throwing money into her hat.
At minute 6:
A young man leaned against the wall to listen to him play, then looked at his watch and left again.
At the 10th minute:
A three-year-old stopped, but his mother pulled him hard and hurried away. The child stopped again to look at the violin player, but the mother pushed him hard, and the child walked away, turning his forehead all the time. Several other children did the same, but each parent - without exception - took the child and hurried away.
At the 45th minute:
The musician continued to pull. Only 6 people stopped and listened for a while. About 20 paid but kept going at their pace. The man received a total of $32.
After 1 hour:
He did not pull, and stayed silent. No one noticed and no one applauded. No one even recognized it.
The violin player was Josiah Bell, one of the best musicians in the world, and no one knew it was him. He played one of the most complex compositions ever written on a $35 million violin. Two days ago, Josiah Bell played the same song at a sold-out performance at the inBostonwhere theater for $100 a seat.
this is a true story. Josiah Bell, playing incognito at Washington Metro Station, was organized by The Washington Post as part of a social experiment on insight, taste, and people's priorities.
This experiment raised the following questions:
Do we perceive beauty at inappropriate times in common environments?
If so, would we stop and appreciate it?
Will we recognize genius in unexpected circumstances?
The following possible conclusions can be drawn from this experiment:
If we don't have a moment to stop and listen to the best musicians in the world, play some of the best music ever made, on one of the most beautiful instruments the world has ever made...
How many things do we miss when we rush through life?​​
Enjoy life now...Life has deadlines! ! ! !